{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Driving efficiency, and also exponential growth across different businesses. So today, we're gonna hear from the good lords who are behind the platform, as well as the businesses, whose agents are feeling well employee empowered in the future, and taking action autonomously. Starting at the source, Rob Cybo is going to show us how deep minds break through intelligence, powers Gemini 3, enabling agents to plan, reason, and understand complex intent with 0 friction. Next, the foundation, Russell Nash, is gonna explain how integrating Gemini free models directly into your data warehouse achieves faster, secure insights at scale, which stop hallucinations. Then on to agency, we have Pedro, Korea, who will show us how vertex iod enables agents to execute those workflows across your entire enterprise. And, of course, all of this is really about driving outcomes for your business. in the real world. So we have Roger Barnes from Australia's leading Energy Retail Billing Enterprise, Tally Group, who's gonna uncover how a gente AI is allowing his business to transform their legacy systems, significantly reduce customer poll handling times, and their overall cost to serve for their customers. Following Roger, we have Maria Stulage from New Zealand's Financial Services leading harmony about how Google Cloud has helped her enterprise focus even more on their core mission of customer empathy. Housekeeping before we get started, toilets are just gonna be back out these doors that you came in. They're done to your left. Emergency exits are all. So that way. Devices are allowed for manual AI note taking, if you so desire, but please do keep them on silent. And if you'd like any further or additional information on any of these, feel free to ask myself or any of the other Booglers on day. And with that, it's time to get started. At the source, where the reasoning begins, please welcome Rob Sizers today. Hello, everybody. Thank you for coming in this morning. It's good to see some pillar faces. Uh huh. Hopefully, they'll be jeering. Can you back here? Um, so tomatoes in the pockets. So thank you, everybody, for coming in. We are truly in this amazing time period. No better place, no better time, as they say. As I said, in 2025. But the reality is that time period has shown us that we are well beyond height. We are in a whole new atmosphere, right? This is the era of reasoning, but also agency. And whether it's a shopping agent, a medical assistant agent, or a customer service agent, and we're gonna get into a few real world examples of that. What we're finding is that AI solutions are bringing in that agentic behaviour that we talk about all the time, the ability to think, plan, and take action. That's pretty amazing, right? So, I'm Rob Cybo, as we said earlier. I look over the IML customer engineering team here. I have the privilege of kicking off agent advantage and talking a little bit about the brain, a little bit about the magic, the Gemini, and the Google Deep Mind team, and what we're trying to implement, and why we're doing that. But we're more than just a research group. We also talking about the scale, and I think that's what's quite important in 2026. It is now the time to truly realise the value and drive scale. At the end of last year, we saw 10 billion tokens being processed by Geminis. We're now getting into weird boats. So what does that really mean? That means every minute, we can process the whole Wikipedia knowledge set. Or going back to my favourite analogy, Hollywood movies. If you were to sit in a room and watch Hollywood movies, nonstopper Bollywood, if you preferred, or K pop videos, with no popcorn brakes, no bathroom brakes, it would take you 100 years to consume 10 billion tokens. Now, I wanted to take a small little thing. Think about that time scale difference there. Hundred years of a human in one minute of a Gemini processing time. We're gonna come back to that time scale difference later on. But we're also benefitting from the ability of Google to be able to provide a platform that goes the full stack from TPUs, GPUs, networking data centres, all the way to the applications, like Gemini and Gemini for Enterprise. That's allowed us to reduce the cost of those tokens by 78%. And for those who've been around a while, I think we did a very similar cost reduction in 2024. So we're continuing to see the scale of the Costco down and the capability going up, which is just utterly amazing. All right. There we are. But before we get too serious with numbers and all that, let's also appreciate the moment that we're in. We're already seeing at Macy's, and McCoy Bank, and a few other local examples, and global examples, of the customer experience, or the user experience, becoming magical. And I want to use that because it's a good way to start off the morning. There are delightful moments already in the user journeys that people are taking on a lot of retail sites. And it is just amazing how agents, or generative AI, is helping to support that. So we're already seeing scale at this on a global perspective. But we're also seeing Jen AI and AI solutions taken on the world's hardest problems. And, in fact, that's part of what Dennis is obvious, and the DMI team is focussed on as part of their charter. This isn't about making a quick buck. This isn't about taking over the Gen A market share and trying to, you know, capture all the revenue. It is about solving the world problems. And if we start from one perspective, how do we optimise the heuristics and algorithms? They're gonna help stabilise fusion reactions. or enable computing the quantum computing. That's something that alpha evolves helping us solve on a grand scale. Or if we start looking at the weather patterns, global weather patterns, how do we predict within 14 days of the state of the art performance, what weather's gonna look like, and help save people from hurricanes, typhoons, and otherwise? Then my favourite, when we look at the healthcare industry, alpha, genome, alpha, evolve, alpha, fold. These tools have been around for a few years. They are saving people's lives by helping us model how proteins, DNA, privatose, and everything full that interacts. Now this is a free service. Weather next, as well as al football. These are free models that you were six, you can get access to. And I'm really proud to say, alpha of all, which we have to play here in Australia, has been used by more than 3 million researchers and doctors around the world. In fact, more than 190 countries. One million of those are coming from developing countries. This underscores the democratisation of the value of AI, being able to provide doctors sitting in one of the developing countries, the ability to look at this stuff and develop treatment, who understands the root cause, is utterly amazing. It gets back to our original purpose on why Deep Mind is focussed on building out the technology that they're so good at doing. And underneath all of that is the Gemini model. So I'm gonna show you this video here, and just kind of set it up a little bit. It's talking about the raisining capabilities that are now just out of the box with Gemini. We're not looking at complex, agentic platforms with rag and everything else. That's for us to get into from your specific use cases. But just using Gemini as an assistant, as a critique, as an editor, it is utterly amazing if you haven't tried it. Let's hear how she's using Gemini and the deep reasoning capability. I've been using AI in my research. It really has the potential to accelerate discoveries. My research work in infinite dimensional algebra and symmetry is really a tool for the high energy, theoretical physics community, looking to combine Linestone's theory of gravity with quantum mechanics. I was working on paper with a colleague, which took several years to prepare. Before sending it out to the journal, I decided to put it through Gemini, fact checking, and verification. It came straight back with, No, that's not correct. Proposition 4 pointer is mathematically inclined as stated. It gave three separate irrefutable reasons why our mathematical arguments around one particular statement were incompatible. This was pretty distabilizing because the paper had already been peer reviewed. I debated, and the model didn't try to appease me, as most AI models do by trying to guess what you want to hear. It took me a while to understand, because it was really outside of my thought process, and the model's reasoning was completely correct. The papers at the forefront of research in the subject, and so there's very little context or training data that the model could have been trained on. So it seemed as if it did the work of a highly trained mathematician. It helped us realise that we didn't need the full claim of that result and that a simpler result was actually true. Once we have a unified theory of all the forces of nature, it'll completely change our understanding of ourselves and of the universe. You know, not everybody here are PhD students, and infinite physics. I dont even know that was a study. But if you haven't used the reasoning to help you with go to market strategies or commercial approaches for your business, you're missing a trick. And the ability here to not just regurgitate tokens that it's learned or gleaned or stolen from public assets, like white papers. There's reasoning going on here, and we're gonna get into that a little bit more next. But so that Gemini model coming out of Dennis's team, I think the people and the research capability is quite important, as well as within the organisations, but also within the technology and the approaches that they apply to build Gemini has allowed us to build the brain, if you want to use that analogy, the intelligence that's providing that agentic racing. But we also have a platform. And that platform provides you the data, which we're gonna get into a little bit later in the next presentations. It provides you a lot of the application integration components, reducing a lot of the friction for building out your solutions. That is the agentic advantage, just to steal the whole name of this event while you're all here. The identic advantage on Google Cloud is that you get a lot of this platform, a lot of this tools benefit you and your solutions. And when you choose to use the platform, you get access to all the research and development that's coming through Dennis and his team. You get access to the latest models, you get access to the latest libraries and approaches, like the universal commerce protocol. You also get access to this platform that's been trying and tested. We've just pointed to a number of those tools here. Everything from way most to Android to Hugo males, which is getting millions of users a day, and that's basically global wide scale testing going on. So you're getting a platform that's been tried and tested, it's secure, and it's been proven to work, and you're getting the latest research, which is just a win win in all fronts. Looking at the last two years, Google Research has been pretty, pretty effective in releasing a bunch of stuff. And what you can see here is, this isn't just kind of experimentation. We're evolving the capabilities, we're evolving the market, we're evolving the way the user experience is done, as we watch this develop. Every few weeks, we get a new announcement, and that's opening up new opportunities. We're not just talking about incremental technology improvements. We are talking about a whole new user journey and use space that we can now address with agentic behaviour. I'm gonna pick on one of them, which is kind of a fun one in SG. So for those who know their own genie, genie is our world model capability. It's evolved quite a bit over the last year or two. To build a virtual world. Now, within these virtual worlds, you're gonna see a appreciation, if not a compliance, to the laws of physics, such as gravity, fluidity, airflow. So, it provides a world where, as devices in the deep line team will say, I can now train and test my agents. Now, they realise that the world requires more synthetic data. They realise the world needs better testing beds for our agents to build that reasoning capability and fine tune the outcomes. The real world, the problem with the real world is, as we all know, time scale goes in a fixed way. You don't go back, you can't go forward. In a virtual world, you have a physically representative world. I can speed things up, and I can run it in parallel. So going back to that comment about the 100 years in one minute, I can now test and train my agents in millennia in a short period of time. And we've proven this out with Alpha Go, and we've proven that out with subsequent models. This capability provides us huge gains. So the world model, I'm sorry, I was supposed to click through here, if you're looking at, like, the black boxes. That world model allows us to do exactly that. And we have some customers here in Australia, as well as globally, like Waymo, that are using this in Veo to build out test data, for stuff that you just don't see out there. So, you know, the cameras that are monitoring for drivers who fall asleep. Or, hey, there's an elephant that's crossing the road from a perpendicular perspective. How do you find enough test data to be able to train and test your driver assistant with that, right? So we already have this in place. A lot of great videos here that you can check out on YouTube then. Now, why that matters is ultimately, like, we want to get out of the virtual world and get into the physical world. So how do we embody the AI? How do we embody agency into the real world that you and I live in? And we're seeing this with Weymouth, which has already been benefitting from the Transformer model, like Gemini. But we're also seeing this in waste disposal companies, such as in San Francisco, where they're using the world knowledge that's embedded in Gemini, but also the ability for Gemini to work and control the robot, just like it works with text and images, to do some pretty incredible stuff. Hi, Aloha. Can you use my location and sort the objects into the correct compost recycling and trash bins? To perform the sorting task based on San Francisco waste guidelines, I will use the green bin for compost, the blue bin for recycling, and the black bin for trash. Here we have on our gentic layers, both control the robot and have access to the internet, to serve the trash. I had to look up the rules and look at the objects on the table, think about where each object should go, matching the rules that it had looked up. The task is complete. Good job, thanks. And I think that's incredible, because those robot arms were not trained, to be very specific, and only moving seven degrees, up and down and left and right. It's responding to real world feats coming from optical cameras. There's no sensors in the little touchpoints. It's basically using Gemini for what it's really good at, and helping to direct and plan and take action using the robotic arm. So Gemini, at the heart of it, we always knew, it's really great, and multi modality, and reasoning. But when Gemini 3 got one, which is just released, Flash Pro and Flashlight, you're also getting a lot more advanced tool use, which is important for the agents. And then coding abilities, as we start to see more and more agenta coding use cases pop up. So, generate 3.1, flagship model, a lot of great stuff going into that. But what does that really turn into from a user benefit? For us in the room, for the knowledge workers out there, bringing that PhD level assistant to your day to day, allows us to take complex documents, such as the census reports here on real estate development, and start asking reasoning questions, you know, not just summarise this, but can you go through and look at 2025 and 2024, and start reasoning over on why this trend has been seen? And, of course, you're gonna get a great report. You're gonna get a chart, you can start to play with the different optics on how that's visualised. But what gets really interesting, though, is, when you start asking questions around, please explain why 2024 was in 20 different. It'll admit, there's not a lot of data in this report, but drawing a bit of a bridge or drawing a connection point, this is what I feel like is happening here. And it starts to, you know, build out some reasoning capabilities and starts to explain what you're seeing. And again, this is grounded. This is grounded on the world knowledge that Gemi's been trained on. And it's grounded on a lot of the capabilities that you can provide through your own enterprise data, which Russell will get into next. But if you can provide that reasoning capability, that creative capability to your employees, you're gonna get some pretty cool benefits. Bless you. So whether it's in autonomous driving, or healthcare, or customer service, companies are already getting a lot of benefit from Gemini and agents. Utterly amazing. And the whole PhD level capability coming from Gemni and Nobook LM is already rolling out to employees everywhere. And that's really taken us well beyond just the chatbot paradigm from before. So, a few names, you know, acquiry bank, Woollies, Bendigo, you know, it's customer service, it's shopping agents, it's customer care. We're looking at real world, not just employee use cases, but real world customer where the revenue comes from, cases where agents can help out. And a lot of these are all in question, you can download the apps and start playing with them. So, as I, uh, look at my clock here. So, Google is effectively investing heavy on this, as you guys probably gather. AI is where things are going. Dennis believes that AI is gonna drive the next Industrial Revolution. AGI is coming. It's around the corner. So to do that, we just announced that we're investing $180 billion. Again, big numbers, $180 million in infrastructure. Now, that's everything from the undersea cables. I was told that we just turned on New Zealand with a new cable coming down. And we're also building out data centres, including in this region, as well as up in Asia. So there's a lot of investment going into the technical infrastructure, but there's equally a lot of investment in the skills enablement. So truly to benefit from a democratised perspective, the benefits of AI, we need to help you enable the employees, as well as users, you know, creatives, you know, stay at home parents. So enablement is a big aspect of our investment here, locally, as well, globally. We're also investing in progress projects. So here in Australia, we have the digital futures initiative, as well as the startup accelerators. So a number of people, probably in this room, have been part of this process. There's a lot of programs and money coming from Google to help out, build out the AI and democratise the value that we're seeing from it. As I transition to the next, you know, presenter Russell here, I want to talk a little bit about why Google Cloud also provides a great place, a great platform for your agents, your AI solutions. In many other platforms, you're left cobbling together a solution, bringing your AI to your data, using a fragile integration pattern. We want to remove as much friction as possible. We want the AI to live where the data is, and, in fact, we want Gemini to help you along the way from the platform all the way up to the application. So how do we bring all this together in a full stack, where AI is native, and AI is trusted? PII and privacy is enforced. That's the Google platform advantage, again. In my last five years, to talk a little bit about you. Where is your competitive Mo? In conversation right now, as we start to see disimiliation of the retail markets, Your competitive mode is not in the platform that we are working tirelessly to build for you, the data platform, the infrastructure, even the models themselves, which you can choose to use. Your competitive vote is how you leverage your IT, your data, the data you're questioning about customers and interactions, the digital platform, the agents that you're building to manage the customer experience. I would also say that your IP is gonna come from you and your employees, intellectual property that you're building out from your organisation, the tribal knowledge. So enabling each and every one of your employees to the AI first, is gonna build a huge competitive advantage for your organisation. So with that, thank you very much. I think I'll hand it back over to Phoebe. Enjoy the rest of the day. Thank you, Rob. The ability, uh, for Gemini 3 to reason through those complex multistep problems is probably exactly what most of us need to power the agents we've probably already committed to our management, that we're gonna deliver. Um, so, but there is a challenge that I'm sure every leader in this room understands, and that's, that even the most advanced logic could be a liability if it's not grounded in your data. For an enterprise, if you know you can't have your AI just guessing, you meet it going. based on your data. And so, the critical next step is going to be grounding that intelligence to show us how it's done without the security heading of moving data around. Please welcome Brussel Nash. Thank you, Phoebe. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start off with a question. And the question is this. How well do you think you could communicate without context or without memory? So, let's have a look at some examples. So let's say you text a friend. What are you doing? And you get this response back. I locked in. Now, Losting is a little kid. I think it was including a couple of different things, depending on the content. So imagine that you've been sitting in a restaurant with a friend, and they've gone to the bathroom, and it's been 30 minutes. then you might say to them, What are you doing? And if they respond, I'm locked in, they could literally be boxing. Or alternatively, if you are talking to a teenager in your life, personally, you may not get a response at all. They do, and they say, I'm locked in, it could be that they are absolutely focussed. Uh, I'll see some, uh, some, um, uh, Nottingheads from people, obviously have teenagers in their life. So we need to be able to disambiguate the responses that we're getting. What about no short term memory? So let's say, oh, do you want to go for a coffee after work? And your friend says, Sure. I'm keen a quick one I want an early night. So you say, Happy with the Bridge Cafe. Nice day. Perfect. So you respond, great. I've booked a dinner table for 9 p.m. And they respond. Have you been paying attention to the conversation? Right, but if I don't have any short term memory, I don't know that they've said that they want to happen early night. And finally, what about specific knowledge? that you have about the people in your life? So, let's say... I realise these slides make me sound a lot more social than I really am. Do you want to go to the pub up soccer? And you get this response? We take it for granted that we have specific knowledge about the age of that woman, and that we can follow conversations as they flow, and that we can disambiguate different contexts. But for agents, you need to think about this explicitly. This is not something that they can do themselves. So how do agents deal with this? So, as Rob said, in Gemini, you've got this fantastic brain, but if it doesn't have any access to the data that you have in your business, then its responses are obviously going to be a little bit limited. So yes, it will respond to you, but it may not have all the information that you want to do. So let's, as an example, let's say we have a customer facing application, and a customer says, what's your returns policy? We want to be able to respond to that. So we must be agent to have business context. So we want to give it access to our documentation. They osidocs, there could be FAQs, et cetera. And once we do that, then when a customer asks about their returns policy, the agent can fetch the relevant information from our cash of documents, pass that to Gemini, and then it can ground its response in your relevant data. And we'll look a little later on in some of the technologies that we used to do that. But what about if we want more specific knowledge? So instead of the general question, a customer says, what's my order status? So, for that, obviously, an FA, they've been to some of our operational systems. And so for that, we'll look at some of the technology. And then there's the memory issue as well. So if a customer needs new specific information, like this is my order number, you want the agent to remember that, so it doesn't keep asking them throughout. So, for that, obviously, we need some sort of memory that we get to. So before we get into the technology, I want to show you the demo, and the context for this is that a water present online for my son's birthday. But I have some questions about when it might arrive. So, let me... if I'm to hear so you can see, we've got a very simple chat interface. And on the left, you can see I've exposed a couple of toggles there, so we can toggle the functionality that's available to the agent. So we've got business context, specific knowledge, and then we've got session memory. So the 1st question I'm going to ask is, what is your return policy? And it says it doesn't have the information about that, but it can generate a poem. about returns instead. Um, I'm not really into that, so, um, let's toggle on business context, and let's ask the same question again. And this time, it's reached into that, those documents pulled out the relevant information, past that to Kim and I think, and then ground that response, which is exactly the information I'm after. All right, but I want some specific information, so I want to track my order, but it says a contract that doesn't have the ability to do that, so please contact customer service. That's not a great customer experience, obviously. So, if I turn on the specific knowledge functionality and I track my order, now it will tell me, OK, I looked it up. This is what you ordered. It's in transit, and this is what it's gonna tell. And you can see, at the top there, I've said, using tool, look up order, and we'll talk about tools a little later, but essentially, digital tools is just functions, if you like, just bundles of logic to a very specific task. So, obviously, in this agent, I have a tool that says, look up customer order, and so it knows how to do that. So I want to give it a little bit more context about why I needed and when I needed it. So I'll have the context. through my son's birthday, it has to arrive, and it says, I can look up the probability, but I need the order ID. Well, if you look up, the top, you'll see, I've already provided that information, but because the memory's not turned on. You can't do that. So, turn the memory on. I asked it to predict the delay, and again, I've got a tool that will do exactly that. So it looks up weather and route congestion, and it says, actually, it might not arrive by Saturday. Maybe you want to tw. correct? Um, for a better experience. So, I say, OK, switch me to click, collect. By the way, what else is popular for eight rock boys? You'll be shocked to know Minecraft is a pretty, pretty safe bet there. And again, we're using a tool for recommend items. So, you can see, it's a very simple demo. You can see, as we start to add this functionality, the customer experience and the user experience gets richer and richer, and the agent becomes obsolete much more valuable. All right, so let's flip back to the slides. And let's look at some of the technologies underpinning some of this functionality. So if we go back to this diagram, so you can see I'll put in some of the... take underneath this. So it's what I make today, a grass database, MCP, and, obviously, new memory databases as well. Now, I love all databases equally. However, they don't handwrap are kind of my favourites, and I'll tell you what. So both vector and graph have been around for a long time, and they service fantastic use cases, but I feel like both of them are really having a moment right now with the rise of agentic systems and the real need to ground the agents with specific business knowledge, both vector and graph will break for that. So let's have a look at Effective. So, again, the problem we're trying to solve is how do we look up in the 100s of documents or the thousands or 1000000s of documents we have, the relevant ones based on the customer question. So... I wanted to talk about factory bedding. So I'm going to use a very simple example, and the reason I think that vector databases are not as widely talked about as they are is because actually, it can be a little bit hard to get your brain around, but once you do, they're fantastic. So, we've got a very simple example, with his food example here. We've got seven different foods here, and you can see I've got three axes. Now, these are technical terms, big witness. Dessertness, and certainly... And so what a better database does is, when you give it some unstructured data, so what a text or an image, et cetera, it will create what's called a vector embedding, where it essentially looks at the meaning of that unstructured object, and then places it somewhere in this space, depending on the attributes. And so, the reason that's useful is because then, you can start to see clusters of things together, or you can look at more objects, are close to each other, depending on the axes you're looking at. So here you can obviously see, as we move from left to right, from salads through to Paninis, we're getting closer to more of a sandwich type of field. So why is that helpful in this business context? So let's imagine that these are the only 7 things that we have to sell. And a customer says, I like a certain type of food, and I want to purchase the food you have that is closest to the one that I like. So, a customer says, I like... Lavingtons. Which, obviously, everyone does. And so, the system creates an embedding for the Lamington, and places it into the vector space, and then can look at what's closest to that, and then says, Oh, Apple strudel is closest to Lamington, so I recommends that back to the customer. Now, obviously, you can see where I've placed Lamington on the dessert axis, and that's probably not controversial. Some of you may be questioning why it's so far to the right on the sandwich, access. The reason for that is because if you think about the last Lannington you've ever had, when you peel away all the chocolate, it's 2 slabs of sponge with the raspberry jam in the middle. That is a sand, that's a sandwich. I'm happy to make that afterwards if anyone wants to... Um, I showed a slide in New Zealand, and a woman shouted at me, um, you can't have the Lammingtons, and you can't have the Pablova either. So coming back to our business context, so the business context might be, if you think about these as documents that are semantically similar, someone says, I want to talk about policy, then we can look up, okay, what are the documents and text around that that's useful? Now, this is a very simple example, but in reality, obviously you're going to have 1000s or 1000000s of unstructured objects that are going to make up that vector space. So that's why back for databases are so crucial is because very quickly you can look up in a very large space, let's say, let's say, our policy document, full cluster into the eastern yellow dots here. Very quickly, you can find things that are semantically similar, and then pass them back to the LM and then pass them back to the user. So, back today's databases, as I said, having a little bit of research. Now, crap is too much, so rap is incredible for certain use cases, but again, in this particular use case, they're really, really useful. So let's say, the vector database is gonna give us semanticly similar information, but it doesn't really have any actual explicit connections between the documents or the objects. So what the graph does is it actually links things together very explicitly. So let's say a customer says, I bought a Pixel 9, and I love it, obviously. But the Pixel 10's coming out, so I want to return the 9 again for 10. What's your policy on that? Now, if we have a knowledge graph that links all of the things that we sell together, we can explicitly say in the noise graph, the pixel 9 is a member of the category phones, which is a member of the category electronics, and electronics is covered by a very specific returns policy. So, when the system is trying to work out what's the relationship between the pixel 9 overturns, it could follow the graph until it finds the information that's after. So it's given you much more specific information about certain objects. Now, obviously, that's a very simple example, but obviously, the graph itself would be 1000000s or potentially 1000000s of knives and edges all linked together. So graph, incredibly useful for this usecaster as well. Now, when it comes to specific knowledge, as I said, there are use cases where you want to reach into operational systems. Now, the problem with that is, obviously, every operational system's got a different API, a different way of activity, different languages, or education, et cetera. And so, what we want to avoid is, every time we're building an agent, having to build integrations into all the different systems that we want to integrate it. So what MCP is designed to do is to be a standard protocol that we can write to, which will then allow us to access different systems. So incredibly, so MCP is a standard that came out of anthropic a couple of years ago, and incredibly, the tech industry has actually got behind the same standard for once. And you said, hey, that's all. That's all right to MCP, which doesn't have very often. GMCP has become that integrational standard. And the way I like to think of it is that it's a bit like, when you go on holiday, you don't want to take 10 cables with you for all the different devices that you have. You just want to take one cable. So you can think of MCP as the USBC of the agent world. Now, I know that we're not quite there yet with USBC. I looking at you lightning cables. But that's where we're heading. And so it could be a similar. So, Vendors now are writing their systems to the MCP standards, so that they will advertise themselves in a standard way, and then agents can say, hey, what can you, what can you do? What are you able to do for me? And can then interface with them in a standard way? And then, in memory database, I won't go into too much detail, but essentially, if you're going to be tracking a conversation, obviously, you need to be able to read and write extremely quickly into a database. That's where the memory database is coming. So, to sum up, you may be about all the different capabilities that you can add to your agency. You make the message guided by the thought of having to talk to three or four different vendors to get all this technology. So, you might be thinking, wouldn't it be good if there was one vendor that had best in class, first party databases? And... based in class, first party, LLM, and the science Silicon, and the Southbender. There is such a place. There is, there is such a diligent. So, yes, so, going back to that slide, the rob showed about the integration between AI and the data platform. This is why it's so crucial. And just to give you... Because, quick example... So... we've got a customer called Make My Trip, and they offer an app that allows you to, basically, build your experience, or, you know, and you can tell it the vibe you want to. I want to be, I want to be adventurous, but I want the, I want it to be within 10 corners of my hotel, and you get all sorts of parameters. And what they found was that they needed four different databases to do the types of things that we were talking about. So they had a graph database, and they had a vector database, and they had a couple of other databases 12. And you can, and these were all defenders, so you can imagine how, like, that wants to run. And what they did was, they... consort of that is not just onto the Google Club, actually. They talk about it all of that for one database. So we have a database called Fana, which actually underpins a lot of the Google technology, such as Gmail, search, et cetera. And it is all this functionality built in. So incredibly powerful. So you can imagine how much that simplified their architecture, but crucially, the user experience got a lot better. So it was faster, the responses were richer and more accurate. And so, what they found is that their users, obviously, enjoy these in the outermost war. And obviously that was a fantastic for their business. A couple about the quick examples. So Fairprice Group, a grocery retailer in Southeast Asia. So they have an app that customers can take with them as they shop, and they can scan a barcode, and it will tell them, OK, you bought this particular object, I think, you bought this particular type of food, and here are some of the recipes you might want to make with that. And so they wanted, obviously, from the database technology, we've been talking about to underpin that, and that's why they consolidated on Google and again, so they can have all that functionality. And finally, an internally facing agent was Vodafone, who wanted to give their network engineers access to all the information about what was happening with their network so that they could both predict and prevent network outages. So that's a great example. Again, if The key to that is in providing the data to that agent, and it's a great example of an internally facing agent as well. So wrap up for me, databases, very, very important. Google Cloud has got you covered. Lamingtons and sandwiches, and let me pass back to Phoebe. Thanks, Russell, that was a nifty what you did there with the single vendor. Um, little pitch there. So, yeah, thanks so much. So we now have the brain, which Rob walked us through. We have the data, which Russell walked us through, but now we need to give it wings. Oh, sorry, up hands. Action, something. So, moving from that creative sidekick to the autonomous assistant, to show you how vertex AI turns that intent into action autonomously clicking, coding, and solving. Please welcome Pedro, Korea. Hello. Good morning. How's everybody? Good. Um... very nice to be cute and talk to you about agents. Um, I'm not sure, Russell, if you're just down to 2 gables, I still have a bundle that I recommend vacation. So hopefully we might have Gemini cable coming up to solve this issue once and for all. Thank you all for being here. Let's get into it. Anybody know what that year is? What they're good? So, a year of revolution? It's a great invention, uh, in this day. Obviously I wasn't alive, if you're wondering. And there was this engine, and this powered factory is around the world. So big, clunky machine in the middle of a core space. You turn it up to do small tasks, fake tasks, all tasks together. They wasted the same amount of energy. The layout of the factories have to be around the engine. And then somebody created something called the electric one. The electric motor allowed power to be distributed across the factory format. And this eventually led some other life, forced to PhD, the assembly lines, concepts that we have, streamlining promotion. But a smaller unit to produce power allows you to do different tasks at different times. But also happen all working together. And the analogy that we're pitching is that the electric motor of this day and age is the agent. So let's talk about a bit about that. There's a there's a moment, I joined the world around this time, and this is the 1st PR thing that we had. Legally, blind man, sort of got into your car, trusted enough Google to drive them around a few streets in the US. At the time, it was far ambitious. It felt quite cool. But, you know, in these 10 years I've passed, I didn't think we would get to the point where Waymore is today. So when was a great example of a multi-engine system, from the time you go and you book your trip, detecting where you want to go, where to prefer travel mode, to the all the autonomous agents in the car, you know, detecting the objects in the ground, making decisions during the navigation. Also detecting if people take the seat belts off, I'm not sure if you've seen this. In the Egypt shorts, I found a lot interesting. Somebody decided to really get into the gym, get the seatbelt out, and of course the car stopped. So they were asked to put this heat up. So a great example of autonomous systems working together to deliver something. And now they've just finished the 16 billion dollars investment. They're doing 450,000 weekly lines. So it's no longer something that is, for PR purposes, something that is actually, actually and visible. So... one of the things that I sort of changing the ground community for building technology. Number one is the ability to live in a Baltimore world. So, if you, from the data world, we probably were becoming an expert or you were an expert at having role-place taxes before the table. making sure that people were running people currently. And that was a tough job. But I try to do that for also sending a video as an input, an image as an input, and text. So if it was hard to leverage one medium, think about how we're gonna be able to leverage and manage different meetings. The 2nd bit is the year 2024, 2025, we were all very excited getting Gen AI proof of concepts, demos, out of introduction, and everybody was keen to experiment. And that was okay. The risk there was acceptable. I remember a dealership in the U.S. that had a chapel that was convinced that you get a new, a brand new Ford ranger for free. And that was okay then. It was sort of the tax that you have to turn away. But we're now shifting from having to do that sort of interaction. So you're actually putting something in production, that is safe, that it works, and it has all the information and plus alluding to. So this is what we need to get into, get really good at. It's how do we streamline this production pipeline of agents that work for the in the process of the that pays a salary. The last one is related to this chap on conversations, this idea of having a shift from a chap on. You know, the other day I had to change my name. Being Portuguese, we normally have multiple last names. My wife has three. I was blessed there, only have two. But it's still a nightmare when you want to travel. So I had to change my loyalty, loyalty information, to have my full name, and that's okay, we took a bit of interactions. You know, I was like, the chat bar gave me frequently asked questions, then I had to pull up a number, you know, instead my expectation, today would be, I unemployed my driver's license, I request a change, and I get some sort of confirmation, whether we get that. So, Moving from just chat bots will just showing, summarising a document to actual having actions is crucial. But, you know, the summit is really hard. It's simple to see, you know, the promise of what agents can do for us, you know, businesses is simple, but 12% is the number of agenda, increases that acclimated production, and deliver on the business stuff. This surprised where our coopers study, and it's quite part of a low number. When I saw it, I would expect it to be higher. But it just shows the magnitude of the task of putting something in production that actually nails the business case. Sorry, the business gave you. And it might be that you probably have an ambitious KPF or that one really well with mine. It might be because the fact, and the way you felt it, the business had. But that's just so that shows how hard it is to to get things the introductions that are valuable. But yeah, there's a couple of lines that are using this. Virgin voyage is the adult cruise ship companies. They're using AI generated campaigns and they're seeing double digit sales growth there. Best Buy, I assume 200% increase in the self-service rescheduling. And there's multiple other customers that we've alluded to that have adopted agentic into the workflops. So the question is, how do you get on your way? Well, for us, there's 3 non-negoticals. The 1st one is just beautifully consulting slime. Apparently, let me do the point. The ID is there. At the beginning of the journey, at the beginning of the journey, what's really important is to not think about the tech stuff that's there, the yellow, the red, and the blue. It's really getting people to talk the same language. So what you want is in the always of your company, somebody from business, somebody from tech, to be talking about Jenna, to be talking about agents, to understand the difference between what's an ungrounded conversation and grounding, to understand the risk of hallucination, but also to know that this is huge. And when you start having that sort of conversation, there's a common language around the office that, um, What is the challenge for the AI? What is the promise, but also what's the path forward? And this is this is this is crucial. This can be forces, this can be giving people access to tools, but the unapologetic way of sort of making people understand this and racing is quite important. Once you have that, then you can start having teams work on different types of agents. You might start with the yellow one, which is automating, partially, or fully one of your business workplace. If you have 2 or 3 agents that work in your enterprise, they might work in heaven together. And that might be use that too, or it might be a step one. It might start to blend it. And then the last bit is, if you have a couple experience that you get to your view users, you have a product that you deliver, driving information there is also important. And collaboration is table set. So this is good, you know, but we need to make this work. You might have seen that knows how to build an ADK agent. And all about craft databases, in fact, the way it is. They know where to support these things, they know how to manage it. But more often than not, they don't know where the business level is. That's where you need somebody from the business that you just sort of talk to. Actually, that's a great idea, this Asian that you've taught me, that's correct, but that's only 5% of my time. Can you help me with a 20% of my time and this task? That would be really useful. So the collaboration between these 2 is crucial. What are the things that drive value and how did you do it properly too? They, you know, have a tech them and you don't have any surprises when you go to production. The less bit is all of us. So all of us are, in some shared quarter form on, close to that one% that TV was talking about, we use these tools, whether to do our jobs, whether to buy phones, or they give and all of the other things that you want to do with these. So our user expectations are changing. The way we interact with our services are changing. Therefore, quite important to work with the end users to understand what they want. and what is the benefit that they're looking for? Otherwise, we're not building something that is outdated, not needed. The other bit is, if you operate in a fragmented environment, But from an organisation perspective, we can just talk about people. But from a technology perspective, then...\
\
evaluation service that does something. Then you're beginning to hold on AI to everything you're doing. And the group going to build new agents becomes harder to schedule. So, our idea is that Google, the AI is built into the platform rather than a little bit of a Lego composition, a living provider. Um, Yes, I do have, I got 5 set. Yes, yeah. more times today. But it really is a key differentiator on how you build AI. So we start by having the secure layer, you know, how you might do grill things, but if it's not safe, who wants to build on it? We have perfectly built infrastructure, and the chips, when the chips are quite important, something that powers a composing amount on Gmail, is a different sort of power signature and capability? Something that powers the nanolinator pro will be the generation, that's a different type of change. Or the German people in one direction. So having purposely those chips allow you to have different price points and to choose different models and different capabilities for Disney. The layer after that is that in analytics. When I joined Google Club, this is what we were known for. We still are great in this product and area. But, you know, we should simplify it and we're creating synergy between this and the rest of this stuff. So it's easier to get it back to their place for other running. So if you like big ferry, great, now happy birthday, guys. If you like Spanish, then another's a, uh, implementation as well. That's, uh, middle-lay, the research in the models, um, you know, wrong was talking about on the decline and the work that we do there. And that's that's also something that we have there. And then you need a platform to run these things. You might use Gemnamos for something. You might use our parking models or open switch models for some other tasks. Are you need a platform to employ these and take them there? Like, how are you gonna do your evaluation? Are you gonna hold on an additional model? you're just gonna do it natively where you run your difference. Then the final bit is agents and applications. and some of the tools that we have to sort of operate in this layer, giving the abstructions. So, we've sort of touched upon this, this doesn't give them wrap of what's all of that, share it. Yeah, these things need to run somewhere. They need to store their memory somewhere. They need to interact with gen models, and then some of these large-time models. You also need to be able to test them. You send lots and into a place where you can do smoke. And there's a couple of different pads and So number one is this function calling. It might be to create a poem. If you don't know how to retrieve your order ID, it might be to do a search, it might be to do some complex back in the structure that you have. But essentially why, in your recommendation, that has a model powering it, it has some functions that it calls, and that's, that's impacting, that's, um... It's a, uh, birthdays, forecasts. You're probably more this way, where you have agents talking to the multi data and endpoints and tools. How many of you, as an Asian PD, from one of you, then? Start a couple of hands. How many of you have had MCB service HDU? How many of you have ADIs that you've built in-house, and how are your business? Okay, guess what? That's gonna just continue to increase. Maybe it has some ideas, not but you're gonna get more agents, you're gonna get more MCB servers. So while doing today, an agent, to one NCT server or an agent or engine interaction, it's easy. You need a way to manage that. And talking about the platform, where we have is the ability to abstract this from the patients. So if you have an MCB server here, they want you direct, we can give this layer of control where you say, which agents have access to it, what they've been delivered, and so forth. If you have your resting the eye, that you've maintained, and you don't have the resources to scale up to the MCP standard. Agent gateway. Well, sorry, that Italy would allow you to do the transcription, and essentially you have your MCP server without any effort. The other bit is the Asian 2 agent, which obviously is not as it's the standard that Google is created, with regards to Israeli agents registered, their capabilities, the way they interact with each other, and how you govern all of this. An example can be a travel agent that asks a flight booking agent to visit the plane seconds and how they interact. So those are the patterns that you need to sort of, um, do. In terms of the types of agents that you have. I'm going to continue on the food analogy, just because we're getting closer to food. you'll get hungry. But essentially, we all have to go. Some of us are, some of us do our mom's recipe really well. Some of us follow YouTube videos on the one. Um, I do the original dinner. The final means I'm a great pioneer. Thankfully, I was in the household are better doing that, but we can all cook if we're really hungry. So this is the analogy. Like all of us can create low grown agents. Regardless of our skills. You know, we are semi-technical, you know, in trouble, things and how to put them in more of it. We're a little bit limited by what we know and the tools that we have around the kitchen. And some of us just buy sauces instead of trading them for scratch. So everybody can use the low code agents. Now, if you're a, if it's a professional, kitchen, condition, store, um, restaurant that you get a different set of skills, different school to learn all of that. And they have different tools to create all of these signature vicious. Um, and they can do anything, right? They, they can do Indian, do Japanese. It's just a matter of changing what's on the menu that day. But in the end, it's all food. It all goes to another. So the idea is that you can deploy these agents. everywhere. So can you go back to your next barbeque and say, yeah, I'm an agent master. I know how to say. It's not rocket science. Well, before you do that, make sure that people don't know that you can use agents to build agents. So you can get help. So this is an example of a logo agent designer. You give it one single prompt, and it just creates everything for you. The struction, knowledge that it's gonna use, triggers, and then it can sort of be good. Why don't you ask this? Why don't you change this? I don't like the way you do this and it just changes because I there Good for the high code agents, uh, the signature dish type of operations. You also have a lot to start from. So, Asian starter pack is a really cool, um, boilerplace trying to work out a lot. Asians. I use it to grab my ag. The other one is German, I see a lot more... It's... I was... I was... And my favourite is anti-gravit, my 1st agentic AI driven... But can I found it? I've got a lot of my passwords. As soon as I am. I think scroll through my social. Do we have to? Can you use it for me? And tomorrow's free? So, the main takeaway is a repetition from what everybody else has said. We have built the foundation, so that you don't have to get into mission tax. The idea that you thought the warning... And you're bringing your ID, you bring in your text, you bring in, your way of going about innovation and you build your mom with us. But, uh, obviously, we talk to talk, but we also walk the walk. In Google, um, a, a, I think a really high percentage of our, uh, is some really cool. So 50%, I know that we generate, is done by agents. on Even maybe the amount of products that we have, the number of users that we have. Um, and some some of us, who don't actually are very interested about Gmail's working on due to doesn't have any light reviews. The ones that are just creating POCs so that you see these wonderful things. Some of us use it to 90%. So I'm like, Phoebe, I'm trying to automate my, my work is not. But of course, I don't have to make sure I could. Um, Because there's other examples where we're seeing agents deploying Google that are quite interesting. So the 1st one is, it's a 96% time reduction to identify a plastic part, and maybe I just want to do it. Some of our ads are AI generated, and our marketing team has created a streets of agents that allow them to accelerate the process. And they say last year, 18,000 hours with these campaigns. The other one is a great example of how things that we would expect to benefit from AI can also benefit in our supply chain. We do a risk assessment of new members, new supplies, and we created an agent that partially automates the assessments that we do, and that allowed us to do it 14 times faster than the normal process we have. So, um, that sort of brings it to the slide. I am hoping I pra not the Gogas so we're gonna get into the demo section. But before that, this was a bit of an opera wintry gnome and everybody gets a Gemini. So raise the heads. Who's used Gemini chat? Cool. Who's used Gemini Enterprise? All right, for the one. Um, who's used Gemini Enterprise for customer experience? 1%? Okay, sorry, you don't count on this thing, but... Um... Who's who's tried Gemini chocolate? Okay, maybe maybe it's his name, I don't know. Maybe something that'll be a space that we get into, just making sure you pay attention. Also, let's switch over to the demo now. So the 1st thing that I'm gonna demo is, uh, Gemini In the Price. Based on the doorway for an agent, and it's mandatory and journal audience. So some of the examples that you saw, like the risk assessment, could be turned from here. But it's mainly, uh, a place where you can deploy low code, high code agents, get integrated with your enterprise school, you have to make out the safety service, you're integrated. And it's one of the things that we're gonna show. The other one's gonna be custom we'll get into that. later on. But yeah, so Gemini Enterprise looks like this. It has a couple of tools that he can avoid and genuine videos, genuine images. You can search specific things. You have all of your integrations here, so I have calendar, um, mail here, uh, sort of Google identity. So you can restrict the searches and you ask things that are either grounded solely on your debt, or you cannot make that with Google search. So, the scenario that we're going to play is I'm a junior person working in a content team, a car sales company. It's called history cars, and we've just launched a YouTube video, specifically reviewing the product, and I am in charge of creating an article, and it's in total. So we'll go about process doing just that. So it's not a new chat. I have multiple agents that have here in my platform. Some of these you know, because everybody's used during that chat here, I did research is a great example. Idea generation is formed but it's only available in Gemini supplies, no book alum, so did you probably use it? And then here are some of the high ground agents of deployed in this. They have more instance. So we're gonna use that one. and then these are the local agents that we're building. So they don. So we're just going to have a look into one of these as sort of crucial. The spot and agent and direction are going this way. This is the ability to add it. And this is essentially saying, you know, you're going to be given Michael, you're going to raise this article in sort of tell it what it needs to be changed to be compliant with our rules. Our rules are in this document. So that's how you go in the population. So one prompts, give it a document and it's where you go. So, going back to our demo. I'm gonna call the agent that I need. Which is article Blstorm. And I'm gonna. Okay. So, now, it's a multi, it's multiple agents that's sort of supporting this. The first thing it's gonna do, it's gonna grow to a YouTube video, together, some insights that are crucial to create the video, and then it's gonna have another agent that is in the track. And you can expand up, you can have multiple agents, you're reviewing each other's works before you get on top with. So the 1st bit has come up is sort of like the details of the new ID shark, which is the YouTube video that we're unpacking, and now it's progressive to create a article that we can review. So it says, okay, cool, final article generated. Here's the article to follow the structure that we normally use at this class. Now I'm going to toggle this agent, and I'm going to call my local agent, called editorial Pines, and we have a book. And now it's going to... Obviously, cold, maybe, sort of compliance agents, which is going to unpack the article, compare it to the guidelines, the mission that was given, and it just says, okay, there's a few things that you should change. like the drive away price and one of these things. So, because I'm fairly new, I have no idea who this is right. So I'm actually gonna just email my boss. And that's using a native connecter that we have each other prize which can to Gmail. It's essentially now looking up for dashes. If he was actually when I was in this Den moment, I could just say just send it to my manager. It's gonna decide what's the title, what's the subject, it's gonna come back to the suggestion for it. If you're not on the workspace component, it also allows you to do this with different type of relations, foods. So while that's going, we're also trying to sort of walk up an internal workflow where we're going from 0 to something to be published. Um, That product page will then make it into the district cars website, which we'll see how we can interact. Okay. So do the magic show here. you know, let's send an email to the Darsh. It's suggested an email and then sent the email and then I said, cool, let's create a follow-up meeting for some updates that we can do to the agent and also create in our calendar. So that's Gemini Enterprise, and that's just a simple demo of what can be done. Now, um... Let's do a different scenario. Let's imagine I am on the market for a use. I have a 2011 Toyota house, a month, and this is me projecting. This is my dream. I think it's one slash closer to me to understanding Australian rally. So they're gonna highlights 2011, really reliable, but I need to find a few cars, unfortunately. It's just not working for me. So, I'm gonna go on a journey of how this experience would be with this fictitious company called Fisticar. There's one thing that I'm going to do I'll explain it to you just to showcase different languages. I'll switch to a different language. How many people gave big portions? Okay? So, say, if I say something, I shouldn't, you know? work outside. And how many of you speak Spanish? Okay, couple more. Ill use Spanish. Just, just for, for, um, the sake of transparency. But century, we're gonna try and navigate this journey. So let's go through it. Hey. Hello? Hey. Hello, Pedro. My name's V. Your Vista Car's assistant. How can I help you today? Hey, V, um, I'm looking to get a valuation on Monteo highlights. Sure thing, Pedro. To get the right valuation, could you please tell me the make model and year? Sure. So, Toyota Hobux, and it's 2011. Right. So, for a 2011 Toyota Hilux, the estimated private sale value is generally between 14,019,500 are you, and the trade in range is more in than $10,000 to $14,000 bracket. Are you thinking of listing in all Vista cars? Yes, let's do it. Sounds good. What price are you thinking of listing it for? Oh, let's do $18,000. Awesome. I've created a draft ad for your 2011 Hilux with a price of $18,000 for you. The next step would be uploading some photos. there anything else I can help you with? Yes. Let's go back to the homepage. No worries. I've navigated you back to the homepage. Have a great day, Pedre. Hey, all of my friends have told me about this PYD Ute. Do you have any information on it? Ah, you're referring to the BYD Shark. I brought up the product page for you now. We actually have a dealership in Sydney where you could book a test drive. Would you be interested in seeing the available times? Um, I'm dizzier, so... Uh, yes, that's amazing. Let's reach back to English. I prefer Spanish for this complex issues, but let's go back to English. Yeah, I would love to see if they have any sort of test drive times. No problem at all, Pedro? Happy to switch back to English. We have a couple of test drive times available at our Sydney dealership. tomorrow at 10 a.m. or tomorrow at 2 p.m. Or Saturday at 11 AM. Do any of those work for you? Yes, let's do Saturday at 11:00 a.m. Great choice. Your test drive is confirmed for the BYD shark in Sydney on Saturday at 11 a.m. Confirmation email is on its way to you. Is there anything else I can help you with? Yes, let's go back to the homepage. No problem. You're back at the homepage. Have a great day, Pedre. Before you go, I'm just having to think, um, I might not be able to afford that new use. So why don't we look for reliable used cars? Sure thing, Pedro. We can definitely look for used cars. Are you looking for a specific make or model, or just generally reliable ones? Well, that's a simple question to answer. I wanted to go to Hilux. I just wanted a more recent one. I found 46 years Toyota Hiluxes in our inventory. Are you keen to search with these settings, or would you like to add some? Let's do it. Excellent. The search results are now displayed on your screen. Is there anything else I can help you with? Henry, can you see my screen? I can see the search results displaying. Yes. Is there something specific you're looking for? Sorry, can you see my cameras? Yes, I can see your camera now. Is there something with the notebook you'd like to show me? Yes. What colour is it? That notebook is read. Is there anything specific you'd like to do with the search results? Yeah, I'd like to filter the results based on that college. No worries. I've filtered the search results to show early red ones for you. Is there anything else I can help you with? All right, we'll leave it at that, um... Thank you. Um, so... Now, they, actually, what is your electric model moment? What are you gonna do in your organisation that's gonna enable you to create agents and scales, deliver them? Um, I'm talking enough. I showed you a demo, so that point in time are okay. I think the Spanish was prettyved. I was not sure if you were giving thumbs up to my Spanish or to the to Gemini. But yeah, look, don't take my word for how these things work. We're gonna have customers here talk about how this thing really gets done. So thank you for your time.. Thanks, Pedro. It's one thing to see the architecture diagram about five times, and it's another thing to see it actually, in action, and how it can potentially change the customer experience that we're all creating. So now, like, to pay for mentioned, to the important part, what does this mean for your business, and how are businesses adopting this technology, and actually going beyond the vibe coding that major and I are doing, and putting them into production? And to show you exactly how agents are transforming legacy systems inside the energy sector, and impacting customer success, please welcome Roger Barnes, local CPO, and cofounder of Tally Group. Okay, Roger. Um, good morning, everybody. Firstly, thank you for taking the time to let me talk a little bit about what we're doing, and I'm following some pretty, pretty impressive demos there, so I'll see what I can do. So, just by way of intro, we've obviously, we obviously work in injury retail space. I'll talk a little bit more about Italian in a second, but injury retail was not maybe the most traditionally exciting of industries, and it's probably the operation in the industry with the best reputation. in terms of F customers and the way that retailers and festivers. So we've been doing a lot of work with Google Team over the last couple of years to take advantage of some of the cool capability you've been seeing around, dates are crucially data, as a foundation, and then AI tools and products to be able to provide better support to our clients. You can then provide better experiences to that. And customers. So, I said, I'm Roger, I'm a co-founder, Italian, down the global cheap products officer for the business. So, at Sally, where we build the software that under Finn's engine retails. So there's a fairly good chance you haven't heard of us, but you will definitely have heard of some of my clients. So we basically build the building platforms, the customer experience, platforms, the digital services, but any of the retailers used to engage.}